## **1. What’s your niche in CS/math? How might you add to that niche?**

Throughout my time in CS I have primarily developed \'visual skills', specifically in graphics rendering and UI. I initially got started with programming by making games on scratch, where the bulk of my work was finding clever ways to display and make \`stuff` interact. As my skills matured a bit more, I found that topics like texture maps and UV coordinates really excited me as they were both inherently visual, and working with them was almost about creative ways of drawing pictures. As such I leaned into the filed a lot more as I became a better programmer, making and optimizing my own basic rendering systems. When I began working with UI I found a similar, albeit unique space to play with graphics. Now instead of working out an algorithm to efficiently apply a groundShader to a bounded object, I was working with the systems of padding, insets, and spacers to create scalable and functional UI. Although this was a different experience, it still was fundamentally visual, and excited me the same way the more technical graphics work that I had done in the past did.

Consequently, I have developed strong skills in both these areas. For graphics rendering, I am familiar with standard rendering pipelines, shader optimization, mesh handling and all that jazz. I also feel decently confident in my \'unnameable ' problem solving skills in this field, in that I can comfortably assess, understand and address a wide set of problems. For UI I have become familiar with a variety of information flow systems (MVVM of course being the best), layout patterns, and dynamic interface best practices.
 

